---
description: >-
  Contribution to meeting the Arbitration Threshold.  [what a member contributes
  to meet an arbitration threshold]
---

# 1.0 Billings Score

#### Overview

Billings scores are added together to meet the Arbitration Threshold.

The baseline for a Billings Score is set at 1, (as are initial Arbitration thresholds)

For every Dilemma posed by a Member resulting in Dismissal through Arbitration, that Members Billings Score is reduced by 66%.

Every Dilemma resulting in Resolution by arbitration increases the Billings Score by 66%

Billings Scores return to their baseline through a process of appreciation over time , and increase at a rate of + 22% for each successful engagement.

It is important to note that this only applies to initiating the arbitration process, the score IN NO WAY affects the potency or frequency of a users ability as an arbitrator. (that would cause a feedback loop and be bad)

Billing scores are an aspect of an individual's account. Not for public display/ disclosure. Does not affect voting rights or lotocracy process, is independent of each. Depreciates at what rate? 4 years later returns to zero?

#### Where it occurs/ how we initiate it

Each Dilemma carries with it an Arbitration Threshold based on the amount of attention it has already received from the EVR community. In order for a Dilemma to enter into the Arbitration process, it must pass that Arbitration threshold.

When a determination is reached through the arbitration process, the results of that decision are factored into to a persons billings score

When trying to reach an arbitration threshold, a persons billings score will be added to that pool,

[Philosophy](../white-paper/reputations-public-and-administrative/administrative-reputation/1.0-billings-score.md)
